dupa dupa dupa I've got a perfect puzzle
for you down below mixtapes dot-org
Koopa DD if you are wise you listen to
me if you are wise you listen to me
if you are wise you listen to me me me
know the hustles of move out whenever
I'm around model pitches and shoes out
whenever I'm around bring the gangsters
and goons out whenever I'm around you
know causing the jewels out whenever
Olas is a move out whenever I'm around
model bitches issues out whenever I'm
around all the chances and goons out
whenever your eyes
Rajpal chair mama wasn't there had been
increased wallet out cameras and a rear
when it's near broke
coming up investing in wrong cuz niggas
ain't got a clue and i'm ernesto show
but it's my scary show I'm Eva eating
off a little boy like Leave It to Beaver
missus checks ain't clean yet read yet
what is the best-looking ball change
something European like the foreign
exchange on the road dishes can fit in
your trainer cabinet snow bunny were
trying the hand knocking my shit Phyllis
over stabbed lingua Kody aspects in the
finest sadly we saw slide at the mirror
Souls II got a feeling you're playing
the game no the hostas are moves out
whenever I'm around model bitches and
shoes out whenever I'm around
bring the gangsters and ghouls out
whenever I'm around you're closing the
Jews whenever I'm away
oh well whenever all right model
pictures issues out whenever I'm around
all the gangsters and goons out all
right jet I keep the fit for palm cop
guarantee the ship six winning on drop
guaranteed the spic chicks when the dawn
pop my child rock damn that swagger with
the bed got the jet ski
damn that jag walk I'm trying to step it
up blow something like a very close I
can show you what the summer like and
it's used it running like fuck movie
oh my secret spending with the moon
battle rapper trying to say you nigga to
the moon
22 hey I slipped up in the school my
money from hey I spent it on this money
money from Kay I spent it on the jewels
gold bullets like baekeland and I hit
you on the moon yeah and not the never
slack at this rapping though we have arm
around bitch the action is happiness
know the hustles of move out whenever
I'm away model bitches and shoes out
where there's a hovel right bring the
gangsters and goons out whenever I'm
away not causing the jewels out whenever
I'm away horses of moves out whenever
I'm around model pictures of shoes out
whenever I'm away all the cases and
goons out whenever
knows he loves the donkey donkey - a
black fast car with the black crash
right coach the coaster beat you I've
been a resort where the buzz what's the
size of pizzas then I flew back with
roaches you ain't from my little hood
and explain Oh smells that's where the
shells will stop you know got you right
pence to sell and I been through that
popular Katie to the Tanner modem Pro
shit inside of me wants to be a man with
most wouldn't try to be most with a
chuck lemons majors and as I was taking
Lucien I mix it with shoulder then cop
the little nickel nine poster the host
of this and yep partner brand seller
Street within a man jealous peace Stingo
the hustles of moons out whenever I'm
away model bitches and shoes out
whenever Harbor and bring the gangsters
and goons out whenever I'm
causing the jewels out whenever I'm away
boxes of move out whenever I'm around
model pickers issues out whenever I'm
around all the cases and goons out
whenever with yourself remember
do you download this song for free at
download mixtapes org